(EAI-156): `mongodb-chatbot-server` docs + generated reference docs + ingest/optimize rename (#268)
mongodb/chatbot: docs/docs/server/conversations.md

# Manage Conversations

This guide explains how the MongoDB Chatbot Server manages conversations, and the different
points where you can customize its behavior.

## Endpoints

The server has the following endpoints:

> - `POST /conversations/`: Create a new conversation. You must create a conversation
>   before you can send messages to the chatbot.
> - `POST /conversations/:conversationId/messages`: Send a message to the chatbot,
>   and get a response back.
> - `POST /conversations/:conversationId/messages/:messageId/rating`: Rate a message
>   in the conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `POST /conversations/` creates a new conversation. You must create a
  conversation before you can send messages to the chatbot.
- `POST /conversations/:conversationId/messages` sends a message to the chatbot,
  and gets a response back.
- `POST /conversations/:conversationId/messages/:messageId/rating` rates a
  message in the conversation.
```

the colons right after monospace look a bit funny to me, so nitty rephrase

For more information on these endpoints, refer to the [API Specification](openapi).

## Expose the Conversations Endpoints in Your App

The MongoDB Chatbot Server exposes the conversation endpoints at the `/conversations` path.
There are two ways that you can expose these endpoints in your app:

1. Use the [`makeApp()`](../reference/server/modules.md#makeapp)
   function to create an Express.js app. This is the easiest way to get started
   and contains everything you need out of the box.
1. Use the [`makeConversationsRouter()`](../reference/server/modules.md#makeconversationsrouter) function to create an Express.js [`Router`](https://expressjs.com/en/guide/routing.html) that you can add to an Express app.
   This is useful if you want to expose the conversation endpoints within a larger
   Express.js app or customize your server beyond what's possible with `makeApp()`.

> ## Add Message Flow

Reviewer: Great section!

Author: thanks! love me some mermaid diagrams
